UDON NOODLE VEGETABLE TERIYAKI STIR-FRY
PREP TIME 5 mins
COOK TIME 20 mins
TOTAL TIME 25 mins
Serves: 4


INGREDIENTS
8 oz. udon noodles
¼ cup soy sauce or tamari
2 tbsp. water
2 tbsp. rice vinegar
2 tbsp. maple syrup or agave
1-2 tsp. sriracha (optional)
1 large garlic clove, minced
½ tbsp. fresh grated ginger
1 tsp. corn starch
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
3 medium carrots, sliced (about 2 cups)
2 cups fresh broccoli florets (about 1 small crown)
1 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed
2 scallions, chopped


INSTRUCTIONS
1. Cook udon noodles according to package directions. Drain and set aside.
2. Whisk together soy sauce, water, vinegar, maple or agave, sriracha (if using), garlic, ginger and cornstarch in small bowl. Set aside.
3. Heat oil in large skillet or wok. Place over high heat. Add broccoli and carrots. Stir fry until tender-crisp and broccoli is bright green, about 4 minutes. Add noodles, soy sauce mixture and edamame. Stir fry another minute, using a fork to pull noodles apart. Remove from heat. Mix in scallions. Serve.


http://www.connoisseurusveg.com/2015/01/udon-noodle-vegetable-teriyaki-stir-fry.html


PAN FRIED GINGER TOFU WITH TAHINI OVER KALE
COOK TIME 15 mins
TOTAL TIME 15 mins
Serves: 4


INGREDIENTS
* 4 cups cooked rice
* 2 bell peppers, any color, diced
* 1 lb. firm or extra firm tofu
* 2 tbsp. powdered ginger (give or take a little)
* Black pepper to taste (I like lots in this recipe)
* 2-3 tbsp. soy sauce
* ¼ cup vegetable oil
* ½ cup tahini
* One large bunch of fresh kale (about 12-16 good sized leaves)


INSTRUCTIONS
1. Drain and press tofu for about ten minutes.
2. Prepare rice according to package direction. Once rice is cooked, stir in bell peppers. I like bright, colorful ones in this dish. We used red and orange here.
3. Cut tofu into about ½ to 1 inch cubes, or strips like we did here.
4. Heat oil in large skillet over medium. Add tofu. Drizzle with soy sauce, and sprinkle with ginger and pepper. Allow to cook 3-4 minutes, or until it begins to crisp up just a bit on the bottom.
5. Gently turn your tofu pieces, and repeat this process for each side, until you've used up all of your soy sauce and spices and have some nice firm pieces of tofu.
6. Blanch kale leaves for about 30 seconds to one minute in almost boiling water.
7. Divide rice mixture among four plates. Arrange kale leaves over rice, then tofu over kale. Drizzle with tahini.
8. Drain and press tofu for about ten minutes. Meanwhile, prepare rice. Once rice is cooked, stir in bell peppers. I like bright, colorful ones in this dish. We used red and orange here.
9. Cut tofu into about ½ to 1 inch cubes, or strips like we did here. Heat oil in large skillet over medium. Add tofu. Drizzle with soy sauce, and sprinkle with ginger and pepper. Allow to cook 3-4 minutes, or until it begins to crisp up just a bit on the bottom. Gently turn your tofu pieces, and repeat this process for each side, until you've used up all of your soy sauce and spices and have some nice firm pieces of tofu.
10. Blanch kale leaves for about 30 seconds to one minute in almost boiling water.
11. Divide rice mixture among four plates. Arrange kale leaves over rice, then tofu over kale. Drizzle with tahini.
http://www.connoisseurusveg.com/2013/07/pan-fried-ginger-tofu-with-tahini-over-kale.html


Better Than Baileys Hot Chocolate
YIELD:makes 4 servings
ACTIVE TIME:10 minutes
TOTAL TIME:10 minutes


INGREDIENTS
1/4 cup cocoa powder
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
pinch kosher salt
3 cups whole milk
4 ounces milk chocolate chips
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 teaspoon espresso powder (or 1/2 cup brewed espresso)
3 ounces Amaretto
4 ounces Irish whiskey
Marshmallows for garnish


DIRECTIONS
1.In medium saucepan, stir cocoa with sugar and salt. Stir in milk, milk chocolate, and bittersweet chocolate. Heat over medium heat until, stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted and mixture is hot. Gently whisk to completely homogenize mixture.
2.Add vanilla, espresso, Amaretto, and whiskey and stir to combine. Pour into glasses and serve with marshmallows.

Notes
To make vegan, don't use marshmallows.

http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2012/02/better-than-baileys-spiked-hot-chocolate-recipe.html

